so I love how this movie is called
Balaam houses truth or dare
like it's freaking Lee Daniels the
butler I got that it's because of
copyrights since you know movies all of
a sudden are trying to adapt games we
were playing back in third grade there's
truth or dare it's hide-and-seek
there's tag there's Uncle Tom's Cabin
and while this is the studio that
produced oscar-winning films like
whiplash and get out let's be let's be
honest here
y'all know this is a little stream it
let me explain
so to tackle this whole thing right from
the beginning right for those who really
care about the origin of this curse it
starts in Mexico in this church where a
priest has set up convinced four girls
who love playing games such as
hide-and-seek but it's kind of implied
that the priest likes to seek a little
too deep so one of the girls decides
that the best way out of this right the
best way to be able to get rid of this
dude who's messing with them is to you
know summon a demon this is the name of
that demon which I am pronouncing
because I ain't about to get cursed but
pretty much this spirit can take over a
person place thing or idea such as the
game truth or dare after it gets
summoned it cuts up the priest and
buries its body underneath the
floorboards and then decides to stay and
still torment the girls by forcing them
to continue playing the game truth or
dare and pretty much turns it into
Russian roulette the main chick who
summoned it realizes that she just has
to repeat a phrase seven times like a
Hail Mary cut off her tongue and wax
seal it in a pot for everything to be
good and the demon to go away but of
course crazy teenagers all we've got to
show up there's this guy right here who
decided to come with his original group
he's the one who breaks the pot and the
curse gets released and all of his
friends start dying one by one he then
thinks well shoot
I saw it follows I'll just bring new
people up here to the church and pass it
on to them and as when we get this main
cast or someone had um his kids I've
ever seen in a movie I mean look at this
place
why would you follow a stranger into
that of course he hits them with this
the moment that they're there I brought
you all up here because
I'm okay with strangers dying if it
means I get to live they get curse and
have to play the game in order of this
photo now listen I don't know who
thought putting this derp snapchat
filter would be scary but I'm not gonna
lie I was laughing throughout the entire
time like randomly they start seeing
things like this and get told
truth or dare and find themselves in the
most awkward situations even more
awkward than natural Raven right you got
these seven come in an order of one this
girl having to admit out loud in the
library that her friend cheated on her
boyfriend to this dude who refuses to do
a dare of showing his penis so he gets
killed by a pool table three is the
boyfriend having to admit that he
actually has feelings for the main chick
Olivia four is the friend having to
smash the main chick's hand five is this
kid re-enacting love Simon and coming
out to his dad six is this dude petting
himself during an interview because he
won't tell the truth and seven is this
day drinker who has to finish an entire
bottle of vodka while walking on top of
a roof which is just the normal Saturday
night in college I personally love how
this chick keeps getting mad right
that's where they add a little angst
because she feels everyone's ruining her
relationship when she's the one who's
cheated there's even a subplot later on
where her dad had committed suicide and
she realizes that her friend was almost
molested by her father the night that he
decided to commit suicide and even
though her dad was the one who almost
raped someone she blames her friend I'm
always curious why demons appear behind
people and then just like disappear and
the person never saw them so I'm like
who Dee's demons trying to spook and
there's even that point where this girl
finishes straight up 80 ounces of
Amsterdam and is walking straighter than
an alpha male in the next scene they
eventually meet up with the survivor of
the first group who fails her dare of
killing Olivia so the main chick and
this chick both die in the process Simon
gets shot by a cop when he's dared to
make his father pick at gunpoint and
somehow after all of this the cops still
let them walk around I think my favorite
Dare was when Olivia realizes because
they actually do have to do the dares
again it goes in a cycle
Olivia realizes that there's this to
truth limit and then the next needs to
be a dare and she decides to get a dare
which causes her to get forced into
having sex with her best friend's
boyfriend man this dude knew he was next
in he was like shoo you can
double-dare me next with these three
being left they decide to find the
original nun who started it all she
tells them the rules they then have to
go find the guy who brought them there
since he's the one who broke the vase
but then not only does he die doing the
ritual because he's dragging but the
boyfriend dies and it's just these two
and get this
Olivia decides to freaking bring the
demon into the game of truth or dare
now look I'm okay with that right if the
rules are that you have to be in the
church in order to involve someone else
in the game and you're on top of your
fee and you decide to bring in that
demon so now it's stuck playing - that's
smart but why not dare it to kill itself
y'all still could have done truth truth
bring it in it then has to do it there
and then boom everybody wins but instead
you decide to a live stream on YouTube
from the church but I guess it can
digitally now release the curse and then
curse the entire world just so you can
delay your turn
glum house now you know that's just dumb
the truth thank you guys for checking
out this video I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section like I said you can always have
fun with these these dumb low movies but
that ending bro they just want to set it
up for a sequel where it's it's
practically rings like you didn't I I
mean you were supposed to be in the
church now you don't have to be in the
church and you're digitally cursing
everyone out in the world even though
this girl said that she would kill her
friends to save Mexico what I'm curious
know your thoughts down below in the
comments section any other questions or
thoughts that you had for this movie or
any other ones don't forget to comment
like and subscribe because I dare you